Add Experimentation Documentation (#10303)
harness/developer-hub: docs/feature-management-experimentation/60-experimentation/experiment-results/viewing-experiment-results/randomization-and-stickiness.md

---
title: Randomization and stickiness
sidebar_position: 40
---

## How to implement sticky treatments for an experiment

### The challenge

How do I ensure that once a treatment is assigned to a particular key (user id), that the same treatment will be assigned to that key in the future, regardless of any changes to the rollout plan or to the values of attributes associated with the user id?

Because each instance of the SDK is an independent targeting engine with no local record of the treatment previously assigned to a key, to achieve this goal it is necessary to somehow maintain state, so that a user is always assigned the same treatment they saw the first time they visited, even if a change to the rollout plan would flip the user to another treatment, or if the value of an attribute associated with a user changed such that they switched to a different targeting rule. One example of when it would be desirable to maintain consistency is a feature flag that controls the value associated with an offer of some sort, such as the interest rate for a loan or a promotional discount on a product.

> ### Split's targeting engine
> 
> Split computes treatments very quickly. In Java, for instance, treatments are computed on the order of a few hundred microseconds. This means Harness FME can be used in the most performance-intensive components of your application.

Author: ```suggestion
### FME's targeting engine

FME computes treatments very quickly. In Java, for instance, treatments are computed on the order of a few hundred microseconds. This means Harness FME can be used in the most performance-intensive components of your application.
```
